TODO.md, before:

# LILOJS

List of all the TODOs

## Server

##### General
- choose good architecture for whole application
- IoC?

##### DB

- research if mongoose is the best aproach for the idea. If not - find suitable ODM
- model for "Contest"
- model for "Problem"
- model for "Test"
- model for "Submission"
- model for "User"

##### Compiling of tested languages

- C/C++
- Java single file
- Java package
- C#
- maybe other
- research if there is a way to get memory consumption in docker container (if docker container is gonna be used)

##### Admin panel

- Add Contest menu - think if contest type - homework, exam. When should be visible, who can access it
- Add Problem menu
- Add Test menu (with posibility for bulk import)
- Add Solution to check the existing tests
- Generate results from chosen contest

## WebUI

- ~~add bootstrap theme for good looking with less work (check http://bootswatch.com/)~~
- add login/register functionality
- add Contests page
- add Problems page
- add Submition page
- add Admin panel
- determine if framework is needed


## Documentation

- Add steps to install
- Add steps to run
- Add video or paper for add new contest/problem/test
- Write important points and use them in documentation for TU

Commit message:

Add TODO for navigation menu task.

TODO.md, after:

# LILOJS

List of all the TODOs

## Server

##### General
- choose good architecture for whole application
- IoC?

##### DB

- research if mongoose is the best aproach for the idea. If not - find suitable ODM
- model for "Contest"
- model for "Problem"
- model for "Test"
- model for "Submission"
- model for "User"

##### Compiling of tested languages

- C/C++
- Java single file
- Java package
- C#
- maybe other
- research if there is a way to get memory consumption in docker container (if docker container is gonna be used)

##### Admin panel

- Add Contest menu - think if contest type - homework, exam. When should be visible, who can access it
- Add Problem menu
- Add Test menu (with posibility for bulk import)
- Add Solution to check the existing tests
- Generate results from chosen contest

## WebUI

- ~~add bootstrap theme for good looking with less work (check http://bootswatch.com/)~~
- add middleware for generated menu - maybe app.locals as well as caching
- add login/register functionality
- add Contests page
- add Problems page
- add Submition page
- add Admin panel
- determine if framework is needed


## Documentation

- Add steps to install
- Add steps to run
- Add video or paper for add new contest/problem/test
- Write important points and use them in documentation for TU
